This little light I've found
Take it in,
breathe it out
A little drum
that's beating loud
In my chest,
I hear the sound
I can feel
Feel you now
I can feel you now
I can feel
Huh?
Where am I?
Ah!
Watch out.
The city's totally different...
But still,
I should be able to find where I live.
I don't have any money.
Only this.
Ah.
I'm not trying to sell it.
I want to see what's in it.
How long has the neighborhood been like this?
Okay, okay!
You see what that girl has?
Mm-hmm.
I know the address.
I'm positive.
Hey!
You lost?
Maybe we can help.
Don't have to answer
if you don't want to.
We can tell just by looking at you.
You're a long way from home.
Maybe she don't got any money.
But check out that shiny new tech.
Hey.
Aww, what's a nice girl like
you doing with a tat like that?
Don't forget me, Elle.
Leave me alone!
Come on! Fight back!
How am I doing this?
Damn it! Where'd she go?
Elle.
My name is Elle.
I'm almost home.
It's the middle of the day but
you can't even see the sky.
Excuse me.
I'm looking for Fountain Avenue...
with all the trees and the
restaurant with the yellow wall.
It's got an angel painted on it?
Huh? On the wall...?
What was that?
It's got an angel painted on it.
Oh, the art...
Over there. That way.
That way?
Right down there.
Thank you.
Yeah.
It's the right address.
But this isn't it.
What?
I don't believe it.
It's still here.
You need something?
I can get you anything you're after.
I'm Doc Badger.
Where did you...?
So, even though you lost your memory,
you remember that you live here.
That's funny.
I live here too.
Always have.
Aww.
You like animals?
But that's not a real cat.
It's artificial.
It looks so real.
You really don't remember anything.
Hey, Doc.
Did a lost, little girl come your way?
A lot of people are lost these days.
A woman with a tattoo and a
sweet little piece of tech.
You seen her?
No way.
I've got a good memory.
So I'd notice a girl like that.
I know she's nosing
around our neighborhood.
If she tries to sell that tech to you,
and you don't tell me about it?
You won't like what happens.
Did you think I would sell you out?
Friendly, local gangbangers.
Now, I don't know
what you got yourself into,
but you better
make yourself disappear.
This is what they were looking for.
Wow...
Now, that is something.
I take it you did not purchase this yourself.
I need to see what's inside.
But I haven't been able to.
I bet.
Need a special key.
Only the original owner can open it.
Not to worry.
Doc Badger has a way of finding things.
But it's going to cost you.
I don't have money.
I should have known.
Well, I think I've had
enough trouble for one day.
I'm afraid I can't help you.
What if I make it so the gang
never bothers you again?
Would you help me then?
Do that, and I'll even throw in the cat.
Need to borrow this.
What are you gonna do with that?
Okay.
Good explanation.
But I'm holding onto this, for insurance.
Perfect.
Hey, what's your name?
My name is Elle.
Don't break that thing.
Either way, I do okay.
Cemetery Entrance
You been looking for us?
What do you want, bitch?
She can't hide forever.
Find her.
Kill her.
Who are you?
I don't remember.
What the hell?
Unbelievable... but you can't...
What the hell do you want?
Go to hell.
Leave Doc Badger alone.
Okay.
Okay, we get it!
A new life awaits you in
the Off-world colonies,
the chance to begin again in a golden
land of opportunity and adventure:
new climate, recreational facilities,
easy advancement, great pay,
plus a loyal, trouble-free companion given
to you upon arrival absolutely free.
Use your new friend as a personal body
servant or a tireless field hand,
the custom-tailored, genetically
engineered humanoid replicant
designed especially for your needs.
I've killed before.
Come on, America.
Let's put our--
...team up there.
Give this country
another chance.
Elle?
Ah...
Elle.
You okay?
I held up my end.
A deal is a deal.
You can keep the sword.
However, I cannot activate this device.
What?
I know a smart guy who's good
at these kind of things.
He lives on the top floor of this building.
Let's go.
I said you could keep it.
Okay, then.
Hey!
Where are you, J?
Come in.
Ugh, that smell.
Oh.
Wake up, Mr. J.
I brought you a customer.
Hey, hey.
Wake up.
That's not good.
Little drum that's beating loud
I can hear the sound
I can hear the sound now
You're the voice
inside my mind
You're taking me higher
Taking me higher
I can feel
Feel you now
I can feel you now
I can feel
Feel you now
Yeah
I can feel you now
I can feel, yeah
I can feel you
Little drum
that's beating loud
I can hear the sound
I can hear the sound now
You're the voice
inside my mind
You're taking me higher
Taking me higher
I can, I can, I can
I can feel you now